restructure headings and copy-edit shell completion (#66479)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/installation_guide/intro_installation.rst

.. warning::

    Please note that some modules and plugins have additional requirements. For modules these need to be satisfied on the 'target' machine (the managed node) and should be listed in the module specific docs.

.. _managed_node_requirements:

Managed node requirements
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

On the managed nodes, you need a way to communicate, which is normally SSH. By

> default this uses sftp. If that's not available, you can switch to scp in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default this uses SFTP. If that's not available, you can switch to SCP in
```

     on a client side install of Python to run.  Technically, you can use Ansible to install a compatible
     version of Python using the :ref:`raw module<raw_module>`, which then allows you to use everything else.
     For example, if you need to bootstrap Python 2 onto a RHEL-based system, you can install it
     as follows:

     .. code-block:: shell

        $ ansible myhost --become -m raw -a "yum install -y python2"

.. _what_version:

Selecting an Ansible version to install
---------------------------------------

Which Ansible version to install is based on your particular needs. You can choose any of the following ways to install Ansible:

* Install the latest release with your OS package manager (for Red Hat Enterprise Linux (TM), CentOS, Fedora, Debian, or Ubuntu).
* Install with ``pip`` (the Python package manager).
* Install from source to access the development (``devel``) version to use and test the latest features.

Because Ansible runs so easily from source and does not require any installation of software on remote
machines, many users will actually track the development version.

> Ansible's releases two to three times a year. Due to this short release cycle,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ansible creates new releases two to three times a year. Due to this short release cycle,
```

.. note:: This method has been verified with the Trusty sources in Debian Jessie and Stretch but may not be supported in earlier versions. You may want to use ``apt-get`` instead of ``apt`` in older versions.

> Installing Ansible on Gentoo

Reviewer: I like this a lot better than the original title. Can we mention the word "Portage" somewhere, though? In case someone is looking for the package management name? Maybe just add "You can install Ansible on Gentoo with the Portage package manager:"?
